<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" 
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"   
      xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
      xmlns:pm="http://primefaces.org/mobile"
      >
    <ui:composition template="/adminTemplate/common/commonLayout.xhtml">
        <ui:define name="content">            
            <section class="content-box box-style-1 box-4">
                <div class="zerogrid" style="width: 100%">
                    <div class="wrap-box"><!--Start Box-->
                        <div class="box-header" style="padding-top:53px">
                            <h2>Admin page</h2>
                        </div>
                        <div class="row">
                           <div class="col-1-1">
                                    <div class="wrap-col">
                                        <p>‘Lorem Ipsum’ are the first two words of a classic piece of dummy text. Such filler text is used when the actual text is not available yet or when creating a brand new layout. Because the text is in Latin, people won’t be distracted by it and can focus on evaluating the design itself.
For many years, this text was available on adhesive sheets in different sizes and typefaces from LetraSet. Designers would cut the text out with a cutter and stick it on the page. Aldus included the ‘Lorem ipsum’ text in PageMaker and nowadays you even see it showing up on hundreds of web pages (try searching Google for ‘lorem ipsum’).
According to some sources, it is useless to try and figure out what the text actually means, even in Latin it is complete gibberish. The words loosely approximate the frequency with which letters occur in English, which is why at a glance it looks pretty real.
Richard McClintock, a Latin professor, claims the text is a slightly scrambled version of a passage from Cicero, specifically De finibus bonorum et malorum, a treatise on the theory of ethics written in 45 BC. McClintock recalled having seen ‘lorem ipsum’ in a book of early metal type samples, which commonly used extracts from the classics.
Below you find this standard piece of text. It can be repeated any number of times to create large blocks of text.
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetuer adipiscing elit, sed diem nonummy nibh euismod tincidunt ut lacreet dolore magna aliguam erat volutpat. Ut wisis enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exerci tution ullam corper suscipit lobortis nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis te feugi facilisi. Duis autem dolor in hendrerit in vulputate velit esse molestie consequat, vel illum dolore eu feugiat nulla facilisis at vero eros et accumsan et iusto odio dignissim qui blandit praesent luptatum zzril delenit au gue duis dolore te feugat nulla facilisi.</p>
                                    </div>
                                </div>
                        </div>                        
                    </div>                        
                </div>
            </section>
        </ui:define>
    </ui:composition>
</html>